Web Scraping of Antique Booksellers
This project aims to collect information on antique booksellers around the world. The website chosen for data extraction is ilab.org.

Technologies Used
Python 3
Scrapy
BeautifulSoup
Functioning
Spider Definition
The Spider used in this project was called "SallersSpider". It inherits from the scrapy.Spider class and has some properties and methods defined:

name: defines the name of the spider.
allowed_domains: defines the domains the spider is allowed to access.
start_urls: defines the initial URL for data extraction.
parse: method responsible for extracting information from the HTML page and returning it.
Parsing with BeautifulSoup
To remove extra characters from the bookseller information, BeautifulSoup was used to parse the HTML.

The "clear_address" method is responsible for removing HTML tags and replacing unwanted characters from the address information.

Data Extraction
In the "parse" method, bookseller data is extracted using the Scrapy response object and css properties.

The "response.css" method is used to fetch the CSS selectors corresponding to the data we want to extract. And the ".get()" method is used to get the text inside the corresponding HTML element.

Each bookseller is represented by an item that contains the following information:

business: type of bookseller business.
name: name of the bookseller.
phone: phone number of the bookseller.
site: website of the bookseller.
email: email of the bookseller.
address: address of the bookseller.
Pagination
To navigate through all the pages that list the booksellers, the site's pagination logic was used.

The initial URL contains the "page=1" parameter, which corresponds to the first page. With each page visited, the Spider looks for the link to the next page and continues data extraction.

The "response.follow" method is used to follow the link to the next page, and the "callback" parameter is used to indicate that data extraction should continue in the "parse" method.

Execution
To run the spider, simply run the command below on the command line:

Copy code
scrapy crawl sallers
Output
The output of the spider is a JSON file containing the extracted bookseller information. Each line represents a bookseller and their corresponding information.
